{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
?Main Scene\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Option1:\
Personal user events and stats/metrics view (accessed by tapping).\
Decks available view. Decks opened by tapping. View scrolls sideways to reveal more decks available.\
Challenges view. Challenges opened by tapping. View scrolls sideways to reveal more Challenges.\
Social alert view showing notifications will appear in our alert space (bottom edge where challenge view is).
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b0 \ul Personal\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone Split into 2 side-by-side windows. \
Left is card-style layout with most recent events (workout, achievement, challenge). \
?Right is chart of pertinent stats/metrics.\
\
\ul Decks\
\ulnone Side scrolling view of decks with all purchased decks and un-purchased decks.\
?Newly added decks should be added to the front or back of this view?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Challenges\
\ulnone Same as Deck view.\
\
\ul Social alert\
\ulnone Social alert view will pop over an alert (when there is an alert) on top of the Challenge View for a time then it will pop-off. \
Alert notification tally will be in the form of a starbust in the Personal View next to the User's name/handle.\
\
\
Option2:\
Same as above only each view has its own full screen and we use a tab-bar to navigate.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
}